well howdy there internet people it's
beau
gown so today we are going to talk about
what's going on
up on capitol hill because i have a
whole bunch of questions about it
and it makes sense because outside
looking in
it's kind of odd you have people who are
not really political allies that
appear to be trying to do the same thing
they look like they're on the same team
it doesn't make sense unless you view
all of it
through the lens of the trump mcconnell
power struggle
that's that's why people are making the
decisions they are
okay so to catch you up in the house
the veto override for the ndaa the
defense budget
passed a separate measure
for creating two thousand dollar
stimulus checks
passed now it goes to the senate
what is best for mcconnell
is for the veto override to go ahead
and the stimulus checks to fail
because then senators broke with trump
they overrode his veto and
they denied him his stimulus checks that
he
popped up at the last moment that's
what's best for mcconnell
that brings more republican senators
firmly into his camp
if he can get that to happen so his goal
is going to be to uh get the veto
override
to go through quickly and then hopefully
just forget about that other stuff
and and not worry about it who is
standing in his way
bernie sanders and rand paul
that's two names you don't often hear
together
so they're doing it for very different
reasons they're not actually on the same
team
bernie sanders is going to try to delay
the veto override vote
in hopes of getting a vote on the
stimulus checks
rand paul wants to delay the veto
override vote
just to make it look like it wasn't easy
to override the president
and he kind of actually said that which
was surprising
i mean he did follow it up with a policy
facade
but he did kind of make it clear that
that's really what it was about because
paul is very much in trump's little camp
um so as far as how this is going to
play out
well we don't know there's no way to
really guess
um there there's a lot of political
maneuvering that can occur still
but that's where it is as of this moment
the the key thing to remember when
you're looking at the decisions
being made right now other than sanders
and his buddy the person that's helping
him
they're not really acting out
for policy it's about power
it's about consolidating power under
mcconnell
or allowing trump to keep power after he
leaves office
it really is about who gets to be the
party lead
for the republican party that's why it
doesn't make sense
that that's why looking at it it just
seems bizarre
because it's not about the issues at
hand right now
all of the maneuvering has to do with
consolidating power getting them into
mcconnell's camp
or trump's camp doesn't have to do with
the defense budget
doesn't have to do with the stimulus
checks
so as we watch it unfold just keep that
in mind
and all of this is playing out against
the backdrop of
george's runoff elections and the
vote that will occur on the 6th for the
electoral votes
so there you go anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day